2,000,010,000,000
I said you country bumpkin
Now I am so poor that I only have 10 million
Did you add 10 million?
Hehe
3 billion
Stinky Redneck
I tell you
I haven't gotten what I want yet.
Yeah
Today is an exception.
3 billion and 10 million Lei Feng
You catch me?
You have to be really rich
Give me 10 million, 10 million.
I like
snort
Good Lei Feng, you like it, right?
Then let me show you my strength.
6 billion
Wow, that's 6 billion.
Liu Shao 6 billion once
Is there anyone else?
Hum, is there anyone chasing me?
Why are you so scared that you dare not speak?
Then add more
Brother Feng already has 6 billion
Do you want to add more? Hahaha
What's wrong? Are you scared?
I dare not speak
10 million, 10 million more.
It turns out that I have no money.
How about I lend you some?
You add money online
Go add it, hahahaha
I'm out
10 billion